quotes_from_others.md, before:

Quotes From Others
=======

Table of Contents
----

- __[Data](#data)__
- __[Coding](#coding)__
- __[Teaching](#teaching)__
- __[Life](#life)__

----
Data
----

"I'm not even sure they are sentient — I mean, they're, what, a ten—million—neuron network hooked—up to a syntax engine and a crappy knowledge base? What kind of basis for intelligence is that?"
— Charles Stross, Accelerando

"Get the data model right and everything else falls into place."  
— ams6110

"All data is linear when plotted a log log plot with fat marker."
— Mar's Law

"In God we trust. All others must bring data."   
– W. Edwards Deming

"It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data."  
— Sherlock Holmes

----
Coding
----

"For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong."  
— H. L. Mencken

"Users want functionality, not code."  
– A smart programmer

"I try to minimize the amount of code I write. Each line of code is just another chance for a typo."  
— A smart, unknown programmer

"Engineers believe that if it ain’t broke, it doesn’t have enough features yet."  
— Scott Adams

"The first virtue of a software engineer is laziness — we are going to copy code from people smarter than us."  
— paraphrasing James Aspnes

"The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take."  
– Roy Carlson

"The first 90 percent of the code accounts for the first 90 percent of the development time.  
The remaining 10 percent of the code accounts for the other 90 percent of the development time."  
— Tom Cargill

"The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers." 
— Richard Hamming

"If you can’t write it down in English, you can’t code it." 
– Peter Halpern

"You can't make it better until you make it work."  
— McBryan's Law

"We have to realize that computers are simulators and then figure out what to simulate."  
— Alan Kay

"Bad programmers worry about the code.   
Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships."  
— Linus Torvalds

"I’m not a big visionary. I’m a very plodding pedestrian engineer, and I try to keep my eyes firmly on the ground. I’ll let others make the big predictions about where we’ll be in 5, 10 or 25 years—I think we’ll do fine as long as we keep track of all the small day—to—day details, and try to do the best we can."  
— Linus Torvalds 

"The best new ideas live at the boundary between the real world and software."
— Adam MacBeth

"We reject: kings, presidents, and voting.    
We believe in: rough consensus and running code"  
— Dave Clark

"Be conservative in what you send, be liberal in what you accept."  
— Postel's law

"What's the name for a company that can be valued billion dollars before they see a dime in revenue?

A Panda — By all laws of nature they should no longer exist, but due to human intervention, they do."  
— Internet forums

----
Teaching
-----

Luke: "You need a teacher. I won't teach you."
Rey: "Why? I've seen your daily routine; you are not busy."  
— Star Wars, The Force Awakens

"Any drill that 75% of the people cannot catch on to right away has to be eliminated, no matter how good it is."  
— Steve Baccari

----
Life
-----

"The best thing that can happen to a human being is to find a problem, to fall in love with that problem, and to live trying to solve that problem, unless another problem even more lovable appears."  
— Karl Popper

"It doesn't get any easier, you just get faster" 
— Greg LeMond

"Plan in decades. Think in years. Work in months. Live in days."  
— Nic Haralambous

"Perfectionism is the purest form of procrastination."   
— Lanny Bassham

"The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried."
— Tim Notke

"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once."   
— Albert Einstein

"Hard choices, easy life. Easy choices, hard life."  
– Jerzy Gregorek

"The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them."   
— Stephen King

"If it is important, do it every day. If it isn’t, don’t do it at all."  
— Dan Gable

"Only recruit two things: speed and smarts. You can teach everything else."  
— Ralph Maughan

"The future is already here—it’s just not evenly distributed."  
— William Gibson

—————
Other sources
—————

— [Peter Norvig's quotations](https://norvig.com/quotations.html)
— [Akin's Laws of Spacecraft Design](https://spacecraft.ssl.umd.edu/akins_laws.html)

Commit message:

Add quote from Dan John

quotes_from_others.md, after:

Quotes From Others
=======

Table of Contents
----

- __[Data](#data)__
- __[Coding](#coding)__
- __[Teaching](#teaching)__
- __[Life](#life)__

----
Data
----

"I'm not even sure they are sentient — I mean, they're, what, a ten—million—neuron network hooked—up to a syntax engine and a crappy knowledge base? What kind of basis for intelligence is that?"
— Charles Stross, Accelerando

"Get the data model right and everything else falls into place."  
— ams6110

"All data is linear when plotted a log log plot with fat marker."
— Mar's Law

"In God we trust. All others must bring data."   
– W. Edwards Deming

"It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data."  
— Sherlock Holmes

----
Coding
----

"For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong."  
— H. L. Mencken

"Users want functionality, not code."  
– A smart programmer

"I try to minimize the amount of code I write. Each line of code is just another chance for a typo."  
— A smart, unknown programmer

"Engineers believe that if it ain’t broke, it doesn’t have enough features yet."  
— Scott Adams

"The first virtue of a software engineer is laziness — we are going to copy code from people smarter than us."  
— paraphrasing James Aspnes

"The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take."  
– Roy Carlson

"The first 90 percent of the code accounts for the first 90 percent of the development time.  
The remaining 10 percent of the code accounts for the other 90 percent of the development time."  
— Tom Cargill

"The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers." 
— Richard Hamming

"If you can’t write it down in English, you can’t code it." 
– Peter Halpern

"You can't make it better until you make it work."  
— McBryan's Law

"We have to realize that computers are simulators and then figure out what to simulate."  
— Alan Kay

"Bad programmers worry about the code.   
Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships."  
— Linus Torvalds

"I’m not a big visionary. I’m a very plodding pedestrian engineer, and I try to keep my eyes firmly on the ground. I’ll let others make the big predictions about where we’ll be in 5, 10 or 25 years—I think we’ll do fine as long as we keep track of all the small day—to—day details, and try to do the best we can."  
— Linus Torvalds 

"The best new ideas live at the boundary between the real world and software."
— Adam MacBeth

"We reject: kings, presidents, and voting.    
We believe in: rough consensus and running code"  
— Dave Clark

"Be conservative in what you send, be liberal in what you accept."  
— Postel's law

"What's the name for a company that can be valued billion dollars before they see a dime in revenue?

A Panda — By all laws of nature they should no longer exist, but due to human intervention, they do."  
— Internet forums

----
Teaching
-----

Luke: "You need a teacher. I won't teach you."   
Rey: "Why? I've seen your daily routine; you are not busy."  
— Star Wars, The Force Awakens

"Any drill that 75% of the people cannot catch on to right away has to be eliminated, no matter how good it is."  
— Steve Baccari

----
Life
-----

"The best thing that can happen to a human being is to find a problem, to fall in love with that problem, and to live trying to solve that problem, unless another problem even more lovable appears."  
— Karl Popper

"It doesn't get any easier, you just get faster." 
— Greg LeMond

"Plan in decades. Think in years. Work in months. Live in days."  
— Nic Haralambous

"Perfectionism is the purest form of procrastination."   
— Lanny Bassham

"The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried."
— Tim Notke

"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once."   
— Albert Einstein

"Hard choices, easy life. Easy choices, hard life."  
– Jerzy Gregorek

"The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them."   
— Stephen King

"If it is important, do it every day. If it isn’t, don’t do it at all."  
— Dan Gable

"Only recruit two things: speed and smarts. You can teach everything else."  
— Ralph Maughan

"The future is already here—it’s just not evenly distributed."  
— William Gibson

"Repetition is the mother of implementation."  
— Dan John  

—————
Other sources
—————

— [Peter Norvig's quotations](https://norvig.com/quotations.html)
— [Akin's Laws of Spacecraft Design](https://spacecraft.ssl.umd.edu/akins_laws.html)
